Comment to pause AIO container (#155)
redhat-et/microshift-documentation: content/en/docs/getting-started/_index.md

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

> As a developer, you might want to stop for the day and continue your work later. Stopping and restarting the MicroShift all-in-one container will bring some issues due to the internal IP address change. This is why we recommend developers to use the `pause` and `unpause` Podman/Docker command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a developer, you might want to stop for the day and continue your work later. Stopping and restarting the MicroShift all-in-one container will bring some know issues with the CNI. This is why we recommend developers to use the `pause` and `unpause` Podman/Docker command.
```

Reviewer: Just a suggestion, as we are handling now the IP change , but it's more on the ballpark of CNI / CRIO
